chore(website): helm synthesis docs (#1528)
cdk8s-team/cdk8s: docs/cli/synth.md

See [cdk8s-validation-plugin-example](https://github.com/cdk8s-team/cdk8s-validation-plugin-example)

> ## Synthesize cdk8s app as helm chart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Helm Synthesis
```

You can synthesize your cdk8s application to a format that is compatible with [helm](https://helm.sh/). 

!!! note

>   You will need helm to be [installed](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/) locally for this feature.

Reviewer: Remind me why?

Author: My bad, made an error in copying. 😞

For example, you can run:

```

> cdk8s synth --format helm --chart-version 1.0.0 --chart-api-version v2

Reviewer: Show the simplest possible command.

```suggestion
cdk8s synth --format helm --chart-version 1.0.0
```

Reviewer: And say a word about `--chart-version`

```

> Then it will synthesize a generated helm chart to the output folder(default is 'dist'). The manifest synthesized will be placed in `templates/` folder. If any crds were mentioned in `cdk8s.yaml` config file as `imports`, then they will be downloaded and placed in `crds` folder. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then it will synthesize a generated helm chart to the output folder (default is 'dist'). The synthesized manifests will be placed in `templates/` folder. If any crds were mentioned in `cdk8s.yaml` config file as `imports`, they will be downloaded and placed in the `crds/` folder. 
```

The folder structure will look like:

```
dist/              
├── Chart.yaml
├── README.md
├── crds/
└── templates/
```

!!! note

>   CRDs are only supported with `--chart-api-version` as `v2`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  CRDs are not supported when `--chart-api-version` is set to `v1`. 
```

You can use the synthesized chart to deploy using helm:

```
cdk8s synth --format helm --chart-version 1.0.0 --chart-api-version v2 && helm install <release-name> ./dist
```

!!! note

>   Templates within the generated Helm chart are pure and static Kubernetes manifests; they don't contain any helm template directives. This means they cannot be customized with a values.yaml file or the release name. One important implication of this is that you cannot deploy two releases of the chart, as resource names will collide. If you need customization, you can do this within the cdk8s application (for example by explicitly reading a values.yaml file).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Templates within the generated Helm chart are pure and static Kubernetes manifests; they don't contain any helm template directives. This means they cannot be customized with a values.yaml file or the release name. One important implication of this is that you cannot deploy two different releases of the same chart, as resource names will collide. If you need customization, you can do this within the cdk8s application (for example by explicitly reading a values.yaml file).
```
